Self Introduction:
	I'm Alan and I have around 15 years' experiences in IT infrastructure support area, in both manufacturing factories and multinational technology companies like EDS and eBay. 
	
	I started out as an IT help desk in a flour factory, then after 3 years or so I started to work as Windows system admin in BenQ, a computer peripheral manufacturer, supporting corporate IT infrastructure and their product line. then after 2 years, I moved on to work with eBay China as windows system admin to support corporate IT infrastructure. then 
	
	I support the 
	
	In 2008, I joined Bleum, an IT outsourcing company, as unix engineer lead, and switched from a Windows sysadmin to a Linux admin. There I set up and lead a team of 4 Engineers to support the unix infrastructure for our client, Walmart.com, together with the onsite team. after over 2 years I moved on to eBay as a Senior unix admin.

Reason for Leaving Morgan:
		There was no single factor that made me to leave, it was many things came together and they left little room for possible workaround. Some of the major issues were work-life balance and the fact that more than 60% of time and energy were spent on process compliance, instead of the work itself. They have strong reason to do so as a financial company where any errors/mistakes leads to direct loss of money and reputation, unfortunately, I found myself having some hard time adjusting to this style.

Reason for leaving Bleum:

			I had some hard time fitting into the corporate culture. For example, I need to record detailed time log on a daily basis. And I had to make sure my team members did it too. I felt sorry when I had to get them back to office because they forgot to do so, even after they already worked overtime.
 
Goals in 3/5 years?
	Improve scripting skills, following the trend from sysadmin/operation support to devops
	in-depth knowledge on storage/file systems, virtulization technology, to become a better system engineer


Career Achievements
	I'm proud of the work I did in Bleum as a team lead. 
	
	The things I did includes:
		going onsite to our client to get orientated with the unix infrastructure we were going to support, and also see what type of tasks could be out-sourced. 
		Getting the unix support team up and running, include hiring team members, knowledge transfer, team management, task assignments.
		Our client was happy with the result, and I was entrusted with a new task of setting up a senior unix engineer team to work on some of the more challenging tasks.

Challenges:
		Had to let someone go in Bleum, as constant complaints were being received from clients, and no signs of change were observed after serveral one-on-one sessions

Weakness:
		I found myself easy to get distracted by  new technology/stuff
		
		solution:
				write down a plan for important tasks
				cut down on time spent on the internet
		
Projects to mention:

		File server/Share folder migration from Windows to Linux (Redhat 4), in BenQ
		Squid cache hit imporvement, in eBay
		Windows server patching, in eBay
		New office build up, in eBay

Websites frequently visited:
	lwn.net 
	reddit.com
	https://news.ycombinator.com/


Questions I can ask:

	1. what would be the challenges a person starts on this position need to address?
	
	
	
	Could you share something you like about this company?
	
	what do you think about flexible working hours at work?
	
	Can you tell me something more about the working environment?”
	
	Is the network in the manufacturing plant separated? If so, What interaction will this position have with other teams?
	
	Is the plant owned by Oculus, or is it just a vendor for out-sourcing?
	
	
	What's your expectation for this position?  ***
	
	Does this position requires regular overtime work/weekend work/weekend oncall duties? **
